README.md, before:

# Squid game

A Web game based on green light/red light game from the famouse Squid Game TV show.

This web app uses [React v17](https://reactjs.org/), [Tailwind](https://cdn.tailwindcss.com) and the set of icons [Lordicons](https://cdn.lordicon.com/libs/mssddfmo/lord-icon-2.1.0.js). The goal of this web app was to create a motion detector using the webcam/front camera and implementing an app with as less dependencies as possible while keeping it very pretty and user-friendly.

React and more specifically the principle of hooks was nice to use. The Lord icon set was very useful to insert animated icons.

## Links

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Tailwind](https://cdn.tailwindcss.com)
- [Lordicons](https://cdn.lordicon.com/libs/mssddfmo/lord-icon-2.1.0.js)
- [Tutorial to create motion detectors](https://codersblock.com/blog/motion-detection-with-javascript/)
- [Exemple of code with motion detector](https://github.com/lonekorean/diff-cam-scratchpad/blob/master/diff-cam-engine.js)
- [Switch component with tailwind](https://dev.to/themesberg/building-a-tailwind-css-toggleswitch-component-4pc3)
- [useInterval hook](https://overreacted.io/making-setinterval-declarative-with-react-hooks/)

## Contact us

Interested to work with us? You can contact us at [thibault.friedrich@gmail.com](mailto:thibault.friedrich@gmail.com).

Commit message:

refactor: use atomic design and store

README.md, after:

# Squid game

A Web game based on green light/red light game from the famouse Squid Game TV
show. You can play it at
[interaction-dynamics.io/squid-game/](interaction-dynamics.io/squid-game/). This
this web app create a motion detector using the webcam/front camera.

This project is a boilerplate with the best practices for a frontend project in
Feb 2022.

It uses the technologies:

- [React v17](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React-Router v6](https://reactrouter.com/docs/en/v6)
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux.js.org/)
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Github actions](https://github.com/features/actions)
- [Lordicons](https://cdn.lordicon.com/libs/mssddfmo/lord-icon-2.1.0.js)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [Eslint](https://eslint.org/)

And the tricks:

- [Absolute paths](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/importing-a-component/#absolute-imports)
- [Atomic design](https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/chapter-2/)

## Links

- [Tutorial to create motion detectors](https://codersblock.com/blog/motion-detection-with-javascript/)
- [Exemple of code with motion detector](https://github.com/lonekorean/diff-cam-scratchpad/blob/master/diff-cam-engine.js)
- [Switch component with tailwind](https://dev.to/themesberg/building-a-tailwind-css-toggleswitch-component-4pc3)
- [useInterval hook](https://overreacted.io/making-setinterval-declarative-with-react-hooks/)

## Contact us

Interested to work with us? You can contact us at [thibault.friedrich@gmail.com](mailto:thibault.friedrich@gmail.com).
